Refactor docs (#92)
SAP/ai-sdk-java: CONTRIBUTING.md

* Contributions must be licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](./LICENSE)
* Due to legal reasons, contributors will be asked to accept a Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) when they create the first pull request to this project. This happens in an automated fashion during the submission process. SAP uses [the standard DCO text of the Linux Foundation](https://developercertificate.org/).

### Set-up Formatting

> - Install the Google Java Format plugin on Intellij and follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to install the [Google Java Format plugin for IntelliJ](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8527-google-java-format), while following
```
